content/pages/index.md, before:

---
type: PageLayout
title: ''
colors: colors-b
backgroundImage:
  type: BackgroundImage
  url: /images/bg1.jpg
  backgroundSize: cover
  backgroundPosition: left-top
  backgroundRepeat: repeat
  opacity: 100
sections:
  - elementId: ''
    colors: colors-f
    backgroundSize: full
    title: "Hello It's me Sheikh saqib And I'm a Business Coach.\_ \_                                             Welcome! I'm Sheikh saqib,a digital entrepreneur and business coach. Coach you to Earn 15k-20k monthly through trusted social media work. Let's turn your aspirations into financial success with expert guidance.   "
    subtitle: >-
      This is my info—I’m sharing it all this with ya’ll to impress you with all
      the hard work I’ve done in the past few years. Once you’re impressed, you
      can continue to scroll down to see more details and credentials about me.
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: wide
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-36
          - pb-48
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        alignItems: center
        justifyContent: center
        flexDirection: row-reverse
      title:
        textAlign: left
        fontWeight: 400
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      text:
        textAlign: left
      actions:
        justifyContent: flex-start
    type: HeroSection
    actions: []
  - colors: colors-f
    type: FeaturedProjectsSection
    elementId: ''
    actions:
      - type: Link
        label: See all projects
        url: /projects
    showDate: false
    showDescription: true
    showFeaturedImage: true
    showReadMoreLink: true
    variant: variant-b
    projects:
      - content/pages/projects/project-two.md
      - content/pages/projects/project-three.md
      - content/pages/projects/project-one.md
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: wide
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-24
          - pb-24
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        justifyContent: center
      title:
        textAlign: left
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      actions:
        justifyContent: flex-end
    subtitle: Projects
  - type: FeaturedPostsSection
    elementId: ''
    colors: colors-f
    variant: variant-d
    subtitle: Featured Posts
    showFeaturedImage: false
    actions:
      - type: Link
        label: See all posts
        url: /blog
    posts:
      - content/pages/blog/post-six.md
      - content/pages/blog/post-four.md
      - content/pages/blog/post-three.md
    showDate: true
    showExcerpt: true
    showReadMoreLink: true
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: narrow
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-28
          - pb-48
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        justifyContent: center
        borderRadius: none
        borderWidth: 0
        borderStyle: none
        borderColor: border-dark
      title:
        textAlign: left
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      actions:
        justifyContent: flex-end
  - type: ContactSection
    colors: colors-f
    backgroundSize: full
    title: "Got an interesting project? Tell me more...\U0001F4AC"
    form:
      type: FormBlock
      elementId: sign-up-form
      fields:
        - name: firstName
          label: First Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: First Name
          isRequired: true
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: lastName
          label: Last Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Last Name
          isRequired: false
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: email
          label: Email
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Email
          isRequired: true
          width: 1/2
          type: EmailFormControl
        - name: address
          label: Address
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Address
          isRequired: true
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: updatesConsent
          label: Sign me up to recieve updates
          isRequired: false
          width: full
          type: CheckboxFormControl
      submitLabel: "Submit \U0001F680"
      styles:
        submitLabel:
          textAlign: center
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: narrow
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-24
          - pb-24
          - pr-4
          - pl-4
        alignItems: center
        justifyContent: center
        flexDirection: row
      title:
        textAlign: left
      text:
        textAlign: left
---

Commit message:

index.md: updated media in sections

content/pages/index.md, after:

---
type: PageLayout
title: ''
colors: colors-b
backgroundImage:
  type: BackgroundImage
  url: /images/bg1.jpg
  backgroundSize: cover
  backgroundPosition: left-top
  backgroundRepeat: repeat
  opacity: 100
sections:
  - elementId: ''
    colors: colors-f
    backgroundSize: full
    title: "Hello It's me Sheikh saqib And I'm a Business Coach.\_ \_                                             Welcome! I'm Sheikh saqib,a digital entrepreneur and business coach. Coach you to Earn 15k-20k monthly through trusted social media work. Let's turn your aspirations into financial success with expert guidance.   "
    subtitle: >-
      This is my info—I’m sharing it all this with ya’ll to impress you with all
      the hard work I’ve done in the past few years. Once you’re impressed, you
      can continue to scroll down to see more details and credentials about me.
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: wide
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-36
          - pb-48
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        alignItems: center
        justifyContent: center
        flexDirection: row-reverse
      title:
        textAlign: left
        fontWeight: 400
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      text:
        textAlign: left
      actions:
        justifyContent: flex-start
    type: HeroSection
    actions: []
    media:
      type: ImageBlock
      url: 'https://assets.stackbit.com/components/images/default/default-image.png'
      altText: altText of the image
      caption: Caption of the image
      elementId: ''
  - colors: colors-f
    type: FeaturedProjectsSection
    elementId: ''
    actions:
      - type: Link
        label: See all projects
        url: /projects
    showDate: false
    showDescription: true
    showFeaturedImage: true
    showReadMoreLink: true
    variant: variant-b
    projects:
      - content/pages/projects/project-two.md
      - content/pages/projects/project-three.md
      - content/pages/projects/project-one.md
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: wide
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-24
          - pb-24
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        justifyContent: center
      title:
        textAlign: left
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      actions:
        justifyContent: flex-end
    subtitle: Projects
  - type: FeaturedPostsSection
    elementId: ''
    colors: colors-f
    variant: variant-d
    subtitle: Featured Posts
    showFeaturedImage: false
    actions:
      - type: Link
        label: See all posts
        url: /blog
    posts:
      - content/pages/blog/post-six.md
      - content/pages/blog/post-four.md
      - content/pages/blog/post-three.md
    showDate: true
    showExcerpt: true
    showReadMoreLink: true
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: narrow
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-28
          - pb-48
          - pl-4
          - pr-4
        justifyContent: center
        borderRadius: none
        borderWidth: 0
        borderStyle: none
        borderColor: border-dark
      title:
        textAlign: left
      subtitle:
        textAlign: left
      actions:
        justifyContent: flex-end
  - type: ContactSection
    colors: colors-f
    backgroundSize: full
    title: "Got an interesting project? Tell me more...\U0001F4AC"
    form:
      type: FormBlock
      elementId: sign-up-form
      fields:
        - name: firstName
          label: First Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: First Name
          isRequired: true
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: lastName
          label: Last Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Last Name
          isRequired: false
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: email
          label: Email
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Email
          isRequired: true
          width: 1/2
          type: EmailFormControl
        - name: address
          label: Address
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Address
          isRequired: true
          width: 1/2
          type: TextFormControl
        - name: updatesConsent
          label: Sign me up to recieve updates
          isRequired: false
          width: full
          type: CheckboxFormControl
      submitLabel: "Submit \U0001F680"
      styles:
        submitLabel:
          textAlign: center
    styles:
      self:
        height: auto
        width: narrow
        margin:
          - mt-0
          - mb-0
          - ml-0
          - mr-0
        padding:
          - pt-24
          - pb-24
          - pr-4
          - pl-4
        alignItems: center
        justifyContent: center
        flexDirection: row
      title:
        textAlign: left
      text:
        textAlign: left
---
